SSR-2189: Support custom element for button and mobileButton (#1309)
kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component: docs/document/docs/components/desktop/button.md

| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| className | string | ""  | Component class name |  |
| id | string | ""  | Component id name |  |
| text | string | ""  | Text to be displayed inside the button | If `content` is unspecified, the value of `text` will be displayed<br>In other cases, the `text` will be ignored |

> | content | string/HTMLElement | ""  | The DOM inside button | If a string with HTML is set, it will be automatically converted to HTML and displayed as it is |

Reviewer: I missed one point to add security related description like Dialog content. Please arrange that.
http://kintone-ui-component.netlify.com/docs/en/components/desktop/dialog

> *1: [Security] Kintone UI Component does NOT sanitize this property value. It is the developer's responsibility to escape any user input when using this option so that XSS attacks would be prevented.

| className | string | ""  | Component class name |  |
| id | string | ""  | Component id name |  |

> | text | string | ""  | Text to be displayed inside the button | |
> | content | string/HTMLElement | ""  | The DOM inside button | If a string with HTML is set, it will be automatically converted to HTML and displayed as it is<br>The value of `text` will be displayed when the `content` is as follows: <ul><li>undefined</li><li>null</li><li>Empty string</li></ul>In other cases, the `text` property will be ignored |

Reviewer: How about arranging it like this?
After the confirmation, let's update the spec description, too.

```suggestion
| text | string | ""  | Text to be displayed inside the button | If `content` is unspecified, the value of `text` will be displayed<br>In other cases, the `text` will be ignored  |
| content | string/HTMLElement | ""  | The DOM inside button | If a string with HTML is set, it will be automatically converted to HTML and displayed as it is |
```

Author: There is one case as below
The default value of `content` is "".
If the developer assigns an empty string or null/undefined to `content`, the `text` will also be ignored.

Reviewer: We haven't announced the info that we distinguish null/undefined/empty strings yet, so I think it's ok to explain with "unspecified" word that includes the meaning of null/undefined/empty string.
How do you think?

And please correspond to this comment, too.
> Please update the sample code section of the user guide.
> It's ok with the shorthand version of icon for example ....

Author: Got it.
It's ok now.

const button = new Kuc.Button({
  text: 'Submit',
  type: 'submit',
  content: `<div>
                <span style="display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle;">
                  <svg viewBox="64 64 896 896" width="1em" height="1em" fill="currentColor">
                    <path d="M909.6 854.5L649.9 594.8C690.2 542.7 712 479 712 412c0-80.2-31.3-155.4-87.9-212.1-56.6-56.7-132-87.9-212.1-87.9s-155.5 31.3-212.1 87.9C143.2 256.5 112 331.8 112 412c0 80.1 31.3 155.5 87.9 212.1C256.5 680.8 331.8 712 412 712c67 0 130.6-21.8 182.7-62l259.7 259.6a8.2 8.2 0 0011.6 0l43.6-43.5a8.2 8.2 0 000-11.6zM570.4 570.4C528 612.7 471.8 636 412 636s-116-23.3-158.4-65.6C211.3 528 188 471.8 188 412s23.3-116.1 65.6-158.4C296 211.3 352.2 188 412 188s116.1 23.2 158.4 65.6S636 352.2 636 412s-23.3 116.1-65.6 158.4z"></path>
                  </svg>
                </span>
                <span style="display: inline-block;">Search</span>

>               </div>;`,

Reviewer: I think it's just a sample and we wanna make it simple, so how about writing like this? (removing detailed CSS, HTML and just explaining )
*I simplify the code as an example to explain to you. 
```
<div>
  <svg>...</svg>
  <span>Search</span>
</div>
```

And you can skip the icon & text patterns to component preview.
